Collection of Logs via Azure Monitor (#3812)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/information-protection/windows-information-protection/collect-wip-audit-event-logs.md

2.	In the console tree under **Application and Services Logs\Microsoft\Windows**, click **EDP-Audit-Regular** and **EDP-Audit-TCB**.

## Collect WIP audit logs using Azure Monitor
You can collect audit logs using Azure Monitor. See [Windows event log data sources in Azure Monitor.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/information-protection/windows-information-protection/collect-wip-audit-event-logs)

**To view the WIP events in Azure Monitor**

> 1.  Use existing or create new Log Analytics Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Use an existing or create a new Log Analytics workspace.
```

> 2.  In Log Analytics->Advanced Settings, go to Data, in Windows Event Logs, add logs to receive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  In Log Analytics->Advanced Settings, select Data. In Windows Event Logs, add logs to receive:
```

```
Microsoft-Windows-EDP-Application-Learning/Admin
Microsoft-Windows-EDP-Audit-TCB/Admin
```
>[!NOTE]

> >The Event logs names can be found if using "Windows Events", go to Events folder and go to Properties of the event (Application and Services Logs\Microsoft\Windows, click EDP-Audit-Regular and EDP-Audit-TCB)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>If using Windows Events Logs, the event logs names can be found under Properties of the event in the Events folder (Application and Services Logs\Microsoft\Windows, click EDP-Audit-Regular and EDP-Audit-TCB)
```

3.  Download Microsoft [Monitoring Agent.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-monitor/platform/agent-windows#install-the-agent-using-dsc-in-azure-automation)

> 4.  To get MSI for Intune installation, as stated in Azure Monitor article, please extract: MMASetup-.exe /c /t:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  To get MSI for Intune installation as stated in the Azure Monitor article, please extract: MMASetup-.exe /c /t:
```

> Install Microsoft Monitoring Agent to WIP devices using Workspace ID and Primary key. Workspace ID and Primary key info can be received from "Log Analytics->Advanced Settings"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install Microsoft Monitoring Agent to WIP devices using Workspace ID and Primary key. Workspace ID and Primary key info can be found in **Log Analytics** > **Advanced Settings**.
```

5.  To deploy MSI via Intune, in installation parameters add: /q /norestart NOAPM=1 ADD_OPINSIGHTS_WORKSPACE=1 OPINSIGHTS_WORKSPACE_AZURE_CLOUD_TYPE=0 OPINSIGHTS_WORKSPACE_ID=<WORKSPACE_ID> OPINSIGHTS_WORKSPACE_KEY=<WORKSPACE_KEY> AcceptEndUserLicenseAgreement=1

>[!NOTE]

> >(Replace <WORKSPACE_ID> & <WORKSPACE_KEY> received from step 5. In installation parameters, don't place <WORKSPACE_ID> & <WORKSPACE_KEY> in quotas "" or '')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Replace <WORKSPACE_ID> & <WORKSPACE_KEY> received from step 5. In installation parameters, don't place <WORKSPACE_ID> & <WORKSPACE_KEY> in quotes ("" or '').
```

> 6.  After agent deployed, data will be received within some 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  After the agent is deployed, data will be received within approximately 10 minutes.
```

> 7.  To search for logs, go to Log Analytics Workspace->Logs, in search type: Event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.  To search for logs, go to **Log Analytics workspace** >**Logs**, and type **Event** in search.
```
